Clarify then() handler's lifetime (#34872)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/promise/then/index.md

{{JSRef}}

> The **`then()`** method of {{jsxref("Promise")}} instances takes up to two arguments: callback functions for the fulfilled and rejected cases of the `Promise`. It mutates the promise it is called on (adding the callbacks) and immediately returns another {{jsxref("Promise")}} object, allowing you to [chain](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Using_promises#chaining) calls to other promise methods.

Reviewer: Hmmm. I get what you mean, and this is basically what happens, but I don't particularly like the word "mutate" in this context, because this addition is not observable. Perhaps "It stores the callbacks within the promise it is called on and immediately returns another..."?

Author: ```suggestion
The **`then()`** method of {{jsxref("Promise")}} instances takes up to two arguments: callback functions for the fulfilled and rejected cases of the `Promise`. It stores the callbacks within the promise it is called on and immediately returns another {{jsxref("Promise")}} object, allowing you to [chain](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Using_promises#chaining) calls to other promise methods.
```
